# 1b. Parameter Notes

This page contains notes on the parameters that were discussed in the previous section, _1a. Parameter Reference_. 

### Specifying Whether to Install Stork

Stork is Portworx’s storage scheduler for Kubernetes that helps achieve even tighter integration of Portworx with Kubernetes. Installing Stork is optional. Find information about Stork [here](https://github.com/libopenstorage/stork).

If you specify the parameter _stork=true_ when generating the Spec file on the command line \(or specify that you enable Stork in the GUI wizard that generates the Spec file\), then Stork will be installed automatically when you apply the Spec \(see section _3. Apply the Spec_\). 

Alternatively, you can install Stork manually by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/libopenstorage/stork#running-stork). If you install Stork manually, you should do so after section _2. Secure ETCD and Certificates_, but before _4. Install an Application_.

### Specifying the HTTP and HTTPS proxy

The Portworx installation will require Internet access to fetch the kernel headers, if they are not available locally. If your cluster runs behind an HTTP or HTTPS proxy, you must specify the proxy server\(s\) in the DaemonSet spec. To do this using the GUI wizard, add the string `PX_HTTP_PROXY=<http-proxy>,PX_HTTPS_PROXY=<https-proxy>` to the **List of environment variables** section. Or if using the command line to generate the spec, specify `PX_HTTP_PROXY=<http-proxy>,PX_HTTPS_PROXY=<https-proxy>using` the `e` parameter.

### Platform Specific Parameter Notes

In the navigation tree on the left, look for the section under _Install in the Cloud with Kubernetes_ or _Install On-Premise with Kubernetes_ that you read previously. If this section contains a sub-section _Spec Parameter Notes_, navigate to the sub-section to read the notes. For example, the section _Google Kubernetes Engine_ contains this sub-section.

